chore: Update PR template for release please (#515)
newrelic/newrelic-browser-agent: .github/pull_request_template.md

> Please add a changelog description here. This will help populate the repo changelog and docs site release notes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please add a one-paragraph summary here, suitable for a release notes description. This will help with documentation.
```

Reviewer: Technically this won't end up in the change log, just the docs website release notes.
